README.md, before:

# Introduction
This is my implementation of the AST interpreter from (the first half of) Robert Nystrom's book "Crafting Interpreters". While I've largely stuck to Nystrom's own implementation details and structure, I've altered some parts of the interpreter structure (including minor parts of the language specification) and added a number of useful (in my opinion, anyway) features.
I've include a brief list below of the implementation's basic features which can be found in Nystrom's original Java implementation, followed by a more detailed list of my own changes or additions to the interpreter. Any entries in the second list will include brief justification below the description of the change/addition, or a link to the relevant section for it if the modification was extensive.
### Note
Due to the constantly changing nature of this project, there may be some changes which I have (unfortunately) missed within this documentation. I will certainly try to make sure that doesn't happen, but my efforts in this regard will likely be imperfect. This document will be duly updated if any changes do come to mind which have been left out.

# Regular Features of plox
* 

# Personal Modifications to plox
...

# Brief Q&A
This section will hopefully address some shorter questions regarding more significant design choices or simple inquiries concerning the interpreter and project as a whole.

### Is it complete?
I'm still continually adding, improving, or debugging certain features as of writing this. If there are any (fleshed-out) features you think would be a good addition, feel free to make a pull request. I'll try my best to have a look at any requests that come in and merge those that seem fitting to add.

### Is it perfect?
Far from. There are likely a few bugs lurking in the code, and multiple parts can certainly benefit from cleaner implementation or organization. If you have any suggestions or if you've found any bugs in this language implementation, feel free to make a new issue (or pull request), and I will try to address it.

# Further Information
...

Commit message:

Update README to remove corny parts.

README.md, after:

# Introduction
This is my implementation of the AST interpreter from (the first half of) Robert Nystrom's book "Crafting Interpreters". While I've largely stuck to Nystrom's own implementation details and structure, I've altered some parts of the interpreter structure (including minor parts of the language specification) and added a number of useful (in my opinion, anyway) features.
I've include a brief list below of the implementation's basic features which can be found in Nystrom's original Java implementation, followed by a more detailed list of my own changes or additions to the interpreter. Any entries in the second list will include brief justification below the description of the change/addition, or a link to the relevant section for it if the modification was extensive.
### Note
Due to the constantly changing nature of this project, there may be some changes which I have (unfortunately) missed within this documentation. I will certainly try to make sure that doesn't happen, but my efforts in this regard will likely be imperfect. This document will be duly updated if any changes do come to mind which have been left out.

# Regular Features of plox
* 

# Personal Modifications to plox
...

# Brief Q&A
This section will hopefully address some shorter questions regarding more significant design choices or simple inquiries concerning the interpreter and project as a whole.

### Are there any bugs in this implementation?
Possibly a few. I've tried my best to weed them all out with (hopefully) good solutions. If you do find any issues that I've missed, feel free to make an issue or pull request and I'll be happy to look at it. Feel free to also make non-bug-related suggestions on the implementation, which I might consider merging.

# Further Information
...
